# Portofolio_Analytics_Hearten
Repo contain couple of finished project regarding Data Analytics, Where recruiter can determine, some sort of level of capabilities for hiring the creator of the repository. 

# Data Description

1. Dataset `Hypothesis` - Main value to create based hyphothesis
- `Hypotheses` - Brief description of the hyphothesis
- `Reach` - Scalling reach get by 1 to 10
- `Impact` - Scaling impact for user by 1 to 10
- `Confidence` - Bealive in hyphothesis in the scale of 1 to 10
- `Effort` - Resource p conduct the hyphothesis in the scale of 1 to 10 (The higher the value of Effort, the more resource intensive the test is)


2. Dataset `orders` - Data generated by order 
- `transactionId` - User ID generated by order on the website
- `visitorId` - User ID generated by uniqe visiote
- `date` - Date where the order commence 
- `revenue` - Income from orders
- `group` - Tthe A/B test group the user belongs to


3. Dataset `visits` Data generated bu user who happen to visited the website 
- `date` - Date when user visit
- `group` - A/B test group4
- `visits` - the number of visits on the specified date for the specified A/B test cohort

# Purposes

As an analyst at a large online store, Make move on marketing team to compile a list of hypotheses that could help increase revenue. You need to prioritize these hypotheses, run A/B tests, and analyze the results.

# Steps involve

1. Prioritize the hypotheses. Not all hypotheses are created equal. Some are more likely to be successful than others. You need to prioritize the hypotheses based on their likelihood of success.
2. Run A/B tests. Once you have prioritized the hypotheses, you need to run A/B tests to see which one is most effective. A/B testing involves testing two different versions of a hypothesis to see which one performs better.
3. Analyze the results. Once you have run the A/B tests, you need to analyze the results to see which hypothesis was most effective. You can use this information to make decisions about how to increase revenue in the future.

# Library

pandas, numpy, matplotlib, scipy, seaborn, warnings
